# Project Idea
There is a popular saying that “social media is the world’s largest focus group”. As a result of the booming digital age, social media platforms contain a lot of valuable and easily-accessed user generated information. By analysing this information, we can get to know users’ thoughts, sentiment, interests and even their personalities. Therefore, collecting and analysing the contents from the social media platform is a great way for a company to know and understand your current and potential customers.
In this project, we act as a company that provides consultancy services for the car manufacturer. We use Social Listening Analytics to help the company to get insights from popular social media platforms and support its decisions on product development, customer management and marketing strategy in China. This time, our client is Mercedes-Benz and we focus on analysing two of its models Mercedes C-Class and E-Class in Chinese Market. The average prices of C-Class and E-Class are ￥330 thousand and ￥530 thousand, respectively, representing Mid-End and High-End models in its company. 
We will implement our analysis in 7 dimensions: Market Overview and Competitor Analysis, Purchase Purpose Analysis, Topics modeling, Product defect and advantage, Comment sentiment analysis, Customer Service and Retention, and Customer Portrait. 
The analysis methods we used included: Correspondence Analysis, Co-Occurrence Analysis,TF-IDF, Clustering, Sentiment analysis, Topic modeling. Given the descriptive features we found from the data, we can advise the company to make specific improvements based on (potential) customers' feedback.

For more detailed information, please check the report.
